Fingerprint Authentication
For the second selection. we're using mini
fields customized to the number of players.
We're also using mini goals.
Your goalie will be Blue Lock Man.
equipped with the same skills as before.
If you win. you steal a player from the
other team and move on to the next stage.
Our Blue Lock Man's white.
It's cyber as hell.
If you lose. you lose a player
and go back to the previous stage.
Nice working with you. sir!
It's three-on-three.
First to five wins.
The second selection.
third stage: Rivalry Battle.
It doesn't matter if our
opponents are ranked higher.
I want to test my skills against
these guys ranked #1. #2. and #3!
Then I'll win and make
Itoshi Rin join my team!
Episode 13
2nd Selection
3rd Stage
Here we go!
Tokimitsu. you mark Blunt Bangs.
Huh? Um. okay.
The rankings simply reflect the order in
which we cleared the first stage. right?
Wow! Scissors?!
So fast!
Ah. sorry. He got past me.
I leveled up from that training
with Blue Lock Man. you see.
Nice. Bachira!
Next up is Rin-chan. You ready. Isagi?
Yeah!
Let's go. Bachira. A one-two pass.
But that's a feint.
Nagi.
Yup.
I have arrived.
I'll stop you. glam-style.
At this distance and this timing...
It's within your range. Isagi.
Nice. Nagi.
Such a delicately caressed pass.
Focus on the connection.
Don't use any more force than necessary.
This is...
my new direct shot!
Eat it!
Yay!
Isagi. I think your shots
are getting more accurate.
Yeah. they're very efficient now.
Thanks to that training.
I've definitely gone up a level.
Plus. we're launching attacks made possible
because we understand each other's weapons.
Nice work. Nagicchi.
It was thanks to your great pass.
We're good enough.
Right? Wasn't that fun?
I mean. we're seriously strong!
Oh. man! What do we do?
We can beat the top three!
That goal was totally glam.
Okay. I get the picture.
You're operating at such a low level.
I might actually die of boredom.
I bet you still think of this act
of combat using a ball as a sport.
Seriously. I don't need your sort.
This is a battlefield.
What you're doing right now is turning
your back on a soldier with a gun.
That's why you're not good enough.
Straight from the kickoff?
Holy crap.
Is that legal?
Yup. totally.
But it usually never comes off.
A s-super goal?
Hey. that was too glam.
Don't go making plays by
yourself without telling me.
Like I said. I don't care.
Friend or foe. you're all
half-baked NPCs to me.
Let's finish this quickly.
This is seriously a waste of time.
Hey. hold up a minute.
We're putting our lives
on the line to be here.
Just like us. you play soccer
to realize your dream too. right?
Dream?
It's nothing as dull and complacent as that.
Losing in soccer means
losing your reason to exist.
In other words. it's the same as dying.
To me. soccer is
a fight to the death.
F-Fight to the death?
Wow. weirdo alert.
He's nuts.
This guy sounds like a bother.
Just come at me already.
so I can finish you off.
Your halfhearted game
of kickabout ends here.
Now you've pissed me off.
Interesting.
Let's fight to the death. then.
Rin might be incredible.
but this is a three-on-three team battle.
I'll make him regret
underestimating me and my team.
Rin-chan...
I'm not gonna let you touch it.
So gentle. Nice pass. Bachira.
How high?!
Shoot. He saw through it.
GLAM
I have descended.
Your touch might be glam. but if you
don't get to touch it. it can't shine.
That was one sick jump.
I'm over 190cm tall. you know.
Tokimitsu. pass it to me.
Right in front of the goal.
Huh? What? What?
Aryu-kun!
Ah. you got in the way!
It went thataway.
Nice block. Bachira!
If I lose the ball in this situation.
it could prove fatal.
For now. I have to be cautious...
What? I was shielding the ball
but he still managed to steal it?
From that position?
Usually. I'd get bumped into there and
win the foul. Just how long are his limbs?!
Incredible jumps and greater reach
than your typical Japanese person...
Aryu... He's another kind of monster!
GLAM
On this field right now.
I am the most glam of all. for sure.
I'm sorry. I never expected him
to shoot from there.
Don't sweat it. Mr. Glammy
Long Legs is also crazy. huh?
Which means he's worth beating.
Give it to me. Isagi.
How should we attack?
Hm?
If passes aren't getting
through to Nagicchi...
I'll slice through 'em myself!
Huh? Wait. what?!
Try and stop me. Slanty Brows!
Oh no. I've got to stop you.
You're coming at me?
I guess. I mean. your feet aren't moving.
Ah. what do I do?
If I lose here. I'll go back to being useless.
I've worked so hard and come so far.
I finally gained some
self-confidence through soccer.
Aw. man. I don't want this.
Ah. I'm being negative again.
I hate it when I'm like this.
I want confidence!
He sped up?
I can still get past him though.
I don't like this!
What? But I was already past him.
In that case...
I'll just leave him in my dust!
He stopped Bachira one-on-one?
He was slow to react. too.
His quickness is off the charts!
This is no good. I want a goal.
Without a goal. I feel insecure.
Goal. goal. goal!
Has he gone crazy?
Stop him. Isagi.
Get out of the way!
Right? Or left? Which way?
Damn it! If I have to foul him. I will!
What is this raw power?
Is he a bullet made of pure muscle?!
Oh. this may work.
What the hell is with this guy?
Yay. I did it!
Are these guys for real?
Oh. oops. I shouldn't be happy.
Oh no. If I get carried away.
people will hate me and I'll lose all of this.
New BL Ranking
Tokimitsu. are you a psycho?
So in the new Blue Lock rankings...
Hurry up and restart.
New BL Ranking
...this is how skilled the top three are!
It wasn't just Rin who possessed
extraordinary weapons.
Aw. this sucks!
I mean. these guys have only just met.
and they don't have an ounce of teamwork.
That's not very glam of you.
What am I gonna do?
They're fighting separately
using their individual skills.
I'm telling you. that's not very glam.
I'm totally screwed!
By contrast. we've been fighting
together in the same building.
and we understand each other.
So why is there such a gap?
Why is this happening?
Does this mean we're going to... lose this?
Wow. So there are still
players like that out there.
Soccer really is interesting.
Nagi...
I can see things this way
thanks to you. Isagi.
I promise I'll make it
more interesting next.
Are they having a strategy meeting?
Oh no. They'll come at us for real
this time. I just know it.
I see. So that's the type of soccer
Nagicchi wants the three of us to play. huh?
Yes. I think it'll be interesting.
I like it! And after all. we gotta do
something. What do you think. Isagi?
I'm for it. too. That might be the
best way to go up against those three.
But Nagi. I didn't know you were the type
to actively suggest ideas and junk.
I'm not. This is the first time I've done so.
I don't want to lose and
feel like that ever again.
It's no fun if I don't win.
Ain't that the truth?
Yeah. Let's go!
First to five wins.
If they score two more goals. we lose.
Nagi can't move freely because of
Aryu's incredible jumping and long limbs.
The same goes for Bachira.
His dribbling weapon is canceled out by
Tokimitsu's extraordinary quickness.
If we fight with these
individual matchups. we lose.
That's why we'll stay within 15 meters
of each other. so we won't be isolated.
and we can use this triangle
to chip away at them.
Bachira's the anchor.
He'll choose the route that will lead our
triangle to the area in front of the goal.
But we can't hang onto the ball for too long.
so Isagi and I will play one-touch soccer.
This will only work if my touch and
Isagi's direct play are pinpoint accurate.
This will do it!
Like Nagi outlined.
if we can't win the one-on-ones.
we need to create a situation
where it's a three-on-three.
By doing it this way.
we can control the midfield!
They're starting to string
some passes together.
I will stop him. glam-style.
But with Aryu at my back.
I'm not the one who'll finish this move.
That's you. Isagi.
When we reach the area in front of the goal.
use your eyes to gauge the right timing and
range. then dash to where you'll shoot from.
I see it! Now!
That's where it's open!
Okay. partner. That's where you want it!
That's some half-baked link-up play.
Did you think I wouldn't
be able to see what you see?
Rin? Seriously? He spotted
where I wanted to shoot from?
You're kidding.
Ah. he stopped them!
In that case...
Nagi!
A fast ground pass.
But that won't work. since I can't
be a part of the triangle now.
Oh.
That's right. Feel it.
It's a gift from me to you.
The ball has some crazy spin on it.
Interesting. Okay.
So you're telling me not to kill it dead.
That's what I'm sensing.
Bingo.
Wow.
So this is what happens when talents meet.
This is Nagi and Bachira's
chemical reaction!
Only strikers who dominate the
chemical reaction between ego and ego
will get a ticket to the next stage.
Nice one. Nagi and Bachira.
Right. It wasn't what I expected. though.
I didn't know passes like that existed.
With Reo's passes. it was always
a case of "do whatever you feel like."
But that pass from Bachira...
It felt like it was shoving
an idea into my brain.
Addictive. isn't it?
Yeah. How many more do we want?
We use our triangle to control the midfield.
and in the final phase. I initiate a move.
and with Bachira's inspiration and Nagi's
intuition to respond to it. we steal a goal.
That's our soccer!
Well. let's get one more to start with.
Okay. got it.
Then. what I can do now is—
You're having a chat on a battlefield?
Don't you ever learn?
I'm staking my life on every moment here.
Crap.
Yay! Another goal!
What I can do is see the
future and sense danger!
Isagi!
I can see what you see. you know.
You're half-baked. too. Itoshi Rin.
Their weapons. their play styles...
It's all stored in my brain!
From here on out. I will control
the field with these eyes of mine!
Team Red's ball.
Restart with a corner kick.
Corner kick taker:
Itoshi Rin
Bachira's marking Tokimitsu.
who's really good at losing people.
Please move.
No way!
All chances exist for me.
and Nagi's on Aryu.
who's good in aerial battles.
You're too much.
The position I should take up is right here.
so I can respond to what either of them do.
Occupying this space is ideal if I want
to limit the taker's passing options.
We'll get through this crisis
and find a way to counter.
I will turn this crisis into opportunity!
So high. A pass to Aryu?
No! It's over our heads?
A vertical spin direct shot?!
This guy took a shot at goal
from a corner kick.
Wow. a-amazing.
You just did something
even more glam than me.
That was unreasonable.
How are we supposed to stop that?
Damn it. Did I misread the situation?
If I'd been standing on the far post.
could I have stopped that?
No. that would have left
the space I'm currently in wide open.
For me. it was the only
logical position to take up.
If they score one more goal. we lose.
Crap.
We just need to score three
more goals before that happens.
Yeah. it's time to counter.
Our three-man soccer can't end here!
Good!
With our triangle.
we can control the midfield.
All we need is an idea
that can finish off the move.
Earlier. Rin read the final pass to me.
We managed to score thanks to
Nagi and Bachira's chemical reaction.
but a goal like that can't
be reproduced too often.
I need to create a
chemical reaction this time.
What can I do?
How long are you going
to pass the ball around?
You call yourself a striker?
Come on. I'll end you.
Don't underestimate me. Rin.
If you mark me that tightly.
you're leaving a massive space behind you.
Bachira!
Right here!
I'll create the smell of a goal!
Did you spot a good space?
Go find a book on how the human eye works
and learn something. you piece of trash.
Huh? What?
I thought I'd totally got in behind him.
Why is he here?
He can't be here.
All I can think is he somehow read my vision.
Seriously?
Nagi!
Yeah. I'll stop him.
But how could he read it so fast?
How did he predict my move—
Did you think I wouldn't
be able to see what you see?
Maybe the goal I smelled earlier
wasn't a real goal at all.
but I was tricked into thinking it was.
so that I'd take up that position.
Was I pulled into the future
of the field that Rin created?
This is the worst!
I wasn't controlling the field! He was!
Bachira! Nagi!
Stop him!
We're gonna lose? No way!
No! I...
Right now. I have no way of knowing how big
the gap is between my skills and Rin's.
That's how overwhelming and
despair-inducing the difference is.
So why is it that...
Even though we were on the brink of losing.
my eyes and my heart
were completely enthralled
by the beautiful arc
Rin's shot drew in the air.
In the third stage.
three-on-three Rivalry Battle.
Team Red wins. 5-2.
Now. who should we pick?
So exciting.
I don't care. It won't make any difference.
Honestly. my brain hadn't
even caught up at this point.
Um. Aryu-kun. I think we should pick him.
What a coincidence. I want him. too.
I hadn't realized the meaning
of what we could lose.
Join us...
Bachira Meguru.
Y-Your passes are extraordinary.
Our team is only good at individual skills.
so if you join us. we'll be even stronger!
Oh. I got carried away again.
Please don't hate me.
Assist my glam goals.
Be my stagehand. Bachira Meguru.
Enough talking. you two.
Let's get moving.
Don't go dozing off. Bob Cut.
Your future is in my hands.
Aw. man. I wanted to be
on Isagi's team to the end.
Bachira.
Guess I'll go. That is the rule.
But I'm not going to wait for you. Isagi.
If you want me. come and get me.
I'll follow the monster inside me.
From here on. I'll have to chase after
what I've lost to get it back again.
In this Blue Lock that's
jam-packed with egoists.
2nd Selection
Nagi Seishiro + Isagi Yoichi\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hLose
Blue Lock. Additional Time.
A
Additional Time!
Blue Lock
Form a team of 3 and proceed
The Secret Tale Behind the "Top 3" Team
Oh no! What should I do?
To clear this stage.
I need to be in a team of three?
Tokimitsu Aoishi
No one's gonna want to team up with me!
Hm?
Aryu Jyubei
For a guy who was third to pass
the first stage. you're not very glam.
Glam?
Glam?!
Glam
What's this long-haired
dude on about?
Glam
Oh. um. I was just wondering
who to team up with...
Glam
The top three will obviously form a team!
It's the glam and noble thing to do.
Glam
I appreciate the offer.
but he's definitely a weirdo.
Glam
I'd rather not team up with him.
I should politely decline.
Well. the thing is.
I'm not actually that good.
I just happened to clear
that last stage by accident...
Hm? Is that true?
Hey. that's enough already.
Oh! He's going to step in and help me!
Itoshi Rin
Shut up and come here.
You're wasting my time.
He's way worse!
N-Nice to meet you.
Being sensible is glam.
Rin + Aryu + Tokimitsu
teamed up